---
title: December 21, 2024
layout: layouts/page.html
tags:
  - then
date: 2024-12-21
publish: true
summary: 
---
## enjoying the holiday break
I wrapped up work for the year, and have since spent most of my time off catching up on chores around my apartment, tinkering with this website, and playing video games. I finished my holiday shopping, and I'm looking forward to going home and seeing my family soon. 

## learning greek
I'm keeping up my longest-ever [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/profile/jilliangmeehan) streak with the Greek course. I just finished Section 1: Unit 8, where I learned greetings & stuff like: *Χάρικα! Είσαι καλά;*

(I'm also trying to learn how to use the Greek keyboard — I just found out that Greek uses a semicolon instead of question marks, but you have to use the `q` key to type it instead of the regular `;` or `?` keys.)

## playing
### [Genshin Impact](../../games/Genshin%20Impact/index.md)
Very excited for everything in the upcoming 5.3 update — especially the permanent rhythm game mode. Going to go for Mavuika and her weapon, and then I'll throw everything I have at the new Chronicled Wish banner to try to get some Childe constellations. After that, I guess I'm saving for Skirk! Huge surprise!

In the meantime, since I'm already pretty much done prepping for Pyro Lumine and Mavuika, I decided to work on doing Ningguang and Keqing's final ascensions so I can get their echoes at some point. Also catching up on crafting Sumeru teapot sets for some extra primos.

### [ZZZ](../../games/ZZZ/index.md)
I got Miyabi her w-engine and now I'm a happy girl. I played *a lot* of ZZZ this week because I was really excited about the new update — now I can kinda chill out for a bit and do my dailies until Astra Yao comes.

### [Infinity Nikki](../../games/playing/Infinity%20Nikki/index.md)
I gave Infinity Nikki a try on my Steam Deck, and it's a cute game! I had fun! I don't think I'm going to really keep up with it, though. I might pick it back up here and there when I'm specifically in the mood, but I have too many other games to play right now to really give it my full attention.

### [Honkai Star Rail](../../games/playing/Honkai%20Star%20Rail/index.md) & [Wuthering Waves](../../games/playing/Wuthering%20Waves/index.md)
In both of these games, I'm just trying to catch up a little bit before their next major updates — but I'm being very lazy about it. We'll see what I manage to get done in time.