---
title: January 4, 2025
layout: layouts/page.html
tags:
  - then
date: 2025-01-04
publish: true
summary: 
---
## back to work soon
Work starts up again in two days, so I've been trying to ease myself out of vacation mode this week after the holidays. It's time to make a dent in a new Hobonichi, clear out inboxes, and relearn how to get out of bed before 10 am.

## learning greek
I've admittedly used a bunch of streak freezes on [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/profile/jilliangmeehan) recently, but I'm doing the bare minimum and hanging on. I'm at the very beginning of Section 1: Unit 9, but I'm just sort of not in the mood to learn new words right now, so my daily practice has mostly been reviewing what I already know and learning more of the alphabet.

## reading
### [The Norse Myths](../../books/reading/The%20Norse%20Myths.md)
I've been reading through [Kevin Crossley-Holland's retelling](https://50wattsbooks.com/products/the-norse-myths-the-pantheon-fairy-tale-and-folklore-library) of a bunch of classic Norse myths, most of which are brand new to me. The stories themselves are interesting, but I mostly enjoy flipping to the notes about each story in the back to learn more about the context surrounding them and how much we know (or don't know) about where they came from.

## playing
### [Genshin Impact](../../games/Genshin%20Impact/index.md)
I pulled for Mavuika on New Year's Eve and her weapon the next day — and ended up with C6 Keqing and Citlali's weapon in the process. But it all worked out, and I'm having fun with my new toys. I'm *especially* having fun with Pyro Lumine, although I wish I could unlock her C6.

### [Wuthering Waves](../../games/playing/Wuthering%20Waves/index.md)
Rinascita is here, and it's really pretty. I was feeling a little spicy and pulled for Carlotta despite not really having any plans to, but she's fun and I'm happy. I'm working my way through the main story now, and I *love* Brant and Zani. And I switched back to Spectro Rover after exclusively using Havoc Rover for a while!

### Kingdom: Two Crowns
I've spent a lot of time playing this lately — I finished the Call of Olympus DLC, so now I'm trying out Norse Lands and playing through the base game with a slightly higher difficulty. 

### [Honkai Star Rail](../../games/playing/Honkai%20Star%20Rail/index.md) & [ZZZ](../../games/ZZZ/index.md)
In HSR, I'm catching up on quests I haven't done yet before 3.0 comes out. A bit of a slog, since I really didn't enjoy the whole Slumbernana Monkey thing, but I got through it. And in ZZZ, I'm still really enjoying Miyabi and Harumasa! Just waiting for the next update now.