---
title: weeknotes five
layout: layouts/page.html
tags:
  - post
date: 2025-01-18
publish: true
summary: A two-week sleepover, learning Greek, and playing lots of HSR.
---
## two-week sleepover
One of my best friends is coming to visit & stay with me for a couple of weeks, and it's gonna be a great time. We have lots of plans to play video games together and rewatch our favorite k-dramas.

## learning greek
I just finished Section 1: Unit 9 of the [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/profile/jilliangmeehan) Greek course this morning! Onto the next. I've also been practicing my Greek handwriting this week on pages in the back of my Hobonichi journal — it's like educational doodling.

## playing
### [Honkai Star Rail](../../../games/playing/Honkai%20Star%20Rail/index.md)
*Very* into the 3.0 update. The Herta is great & very fun to play, Amphoreus is lovely, and I'm really excited about this chapter of the story so far. Penacony was great, but I can already tell this will be better.

I've also been spending a lot of time grinding through the past Simulated Universe expansions, since I never really finished them. I unlocked all the secrets in Swarm Disaster and Unknowable Domain, and now I'm working on Gold & Gears.

## Balatro
Have been getting back into Balatro a bit this week, since it's a really good Steam Deck game. I am *not* very good at it, but it's such a fun way to lose a few hours on the couch.

## The other gachas
I've really just been playing a *lot* of HSR this week, so my other games — [Genshin](../../../../games/Genshin/index.md), [ZZZ](../../../../games/ZZZ/index.md), and [Wuthering Waves](../../../games/playing/Wuthering%20Waves/index.md) — have taken a bit of a backseat. But there's a new ZZZ update coming up soon that I'm excited about, and it's almost time for Lantern Rite in Genshin!